According to the AFP,
senior Israeli
military officials have said aro
two civilians have been killed.
For every Hamas fighter
that you have
successfully killed in the Gaza
So that's two civilians
for every terrorist.
Can you confirm that?
I can confirm the reports
and I can say that if that is tr
and I think that our numbers wil
be corroborated.
If you compare, though,
that ratio
to any other conflict in urban t
between a military
and a terrorist organized
and using civilians
as their human shield and embedd
in the civilian population,
you will find that
that ratio is tremendous,
tremendously positive
and perhaps unique in the world.
I understand that there are
civilian casualties
and understand
that footage and coverage
goes towards emotions
and to to cover
those civilian casualties.
But what I want to say
is that we will get those figure
and they will be official
and on record by the IDF
with the name behind it.
And then we will be able to say
and to back up afterwards
with names and numbers
that we are indeed
targeting the terrorists.
We are not after the civilians
and we are going into great effo
in order to keep it that way.
And it is
it is, of course,
hard to comprehend two for one.
But when you say you're going
to great efforts, Colonel,
one of those efforts
is those IDF directions,
which I don't know
when you actually plugged in,
but I had shared with anyone
watching at the top of the show
the directions for evacuation.
All right.
So, you know, there's the QR cod
And then if you click on can't r
because there's a blackout.
But if you were to click on it
and you were to see where to go
in this urban area,
a tiny little parcels
block by block
and numbers,
I suppose it's hard to even read
How do you really expect anybody
to get that, to click on it
to see it, which they can't do r
now, again, because the blackout
and then to follow the direction
and to get somewhere safely.
I mean, is that is that reasonab
And I think, Aaron, that
it may not be perfect,
but it is the best thing that we
And the situation is that for we
we have designated a humanitaria
and we have been asking civilian
to go there.
Unfortunately, civilians
for various reasons,
because they're under
the control of Hamas,
because the international
aid organizations
have channeled them there.
Many other reasons
have not yet gone
through the humanitarian zone,
which I think is very unfortunat
The reason
why we made that
or designated that humanitarian
is because it's
one of the few areas
where Hamas isn't embedded above
and below ground
and therefore a relatively safe
because we would have no interes
in fighting there
because Hamas isn't there.
And that's
what we've been asking all along
the attempt or what
you showed on the map.
And I can agree
that it's not perfect,
but by by the way,
I contest the fact
that there's a blackout
because I saw lots of cameras ou
when our hostages were being ret
And I saw lots of live footage
from those occasions as well.
Well, tonight, though, tonight,
though, there is
I was actually going to intervie
the spokesperson for the Red Cro
We were unable
to get communications, Colonel,
for 45 minutes.
I mean, there is a
widespread blackout tonight.
I've seen the
spokesperson of
UNICEF on CNN
and every other living network.
And I think that there
isn't really such a blackout
because obediently
he has service and many others h
And there's video coming out.
Listen,
I understand that it's not perfe
but this is what we are trying t
We're trying to reach out
to Palestinians.
We're trying to inform them
ahead of time.
We're fighting is going to be in
for them
to be able to take precautions a
from where there is going to be
I don't know how else we can squ
that circle of defeating Hamas
where Hamas is
and minimizing civilian casualti
I think running with military
experience has an idea.
We're open for suggestions,
but it has to square in defeatin
not ceasing operations
and letting Hamas win,
but defeating Hamas
and minimizing collateral
or damage to civilians.
Colonel, one
final point on the blackout
that that has been going
on the past few hours
and the Red Cross was there earl
There was video earlier than thi
And that's actually why
we had the interview
scheduled with the Red Cross.
Then the blackout affecting
most of Gaza has been in effect.
Do you know if it's been resolve
Do you know why it's in place?
I am not aware of a blackout.
I am aware of
problems with coverage in local
There have been reports of it.
But I see live streaming
by a Palestinian propagandist
from various areas,
including from 20 minutes ago.
I watched it
live of a very known
notorious Palestinian propagandi
He was live on Tik-Tok.
So there is why,
if I may be not specifically
with the Red Cross
that you were speaking with,
but I am factually aware
that there is live
Internet services in Gaza
not perfect and not 5G
Manhattan speed,
but there definitely is internat
in Internet service.
All right.
Well, Colonel Conricus,
I appreciate your time.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you for having me.